[all hosts] (Glossary) Update glossary with more terms (#5662)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/resources/resources-glossary.md

## add-in commands

**Add-in commands** are UI elements, such as buttons and menus, that extend the Office UI for your add-in. When users select an add-in command element, they initiate actions such as running JavaScript code or displaying the add-in in a task pane. Add-in commands let your add-in look and feel like a part of Office, which gives users more confidence in your add-in. To learn more, see [Add-in commands](../design/add-in-commands.md).

See also: [ribbon, ribbon button](#ribbon-ribbon-button).

## add-in only manifest

An **add-in only manifest** is an XML file that defines how an Office Add-in integrates with Office applications. It specifies the add-in's settings, capabilities, and UI entry points. The add-in only manifest is the original manifest format for Office Add-ins and doesn't support combining with other Microsoft 365 extensions. To learn more, see [Office Add-ins manifest](../develop/add-in-manifests.md) and [Add-in only manifest for Office Add-ins](../develop/xml-manifest-overview.md).

See also: [unified manifest for Microsoft 365](#unified-manifest-for-microsoft-365).

## append-on-send, prepend-on-send

> **Append-on-send** and **prepend-on-send** are Outlook add-in features that automatically add content to the end or beginning of a message body when the user sends it. By using these features, add-ins can insert disclaimers, signatures, or other content without requiring the user to take any action. To learn more, see [Implement append-on-send in your Outlook add-in](../outlook/append-on-send.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Append-on-send** and **prepend-on-send** are Outlook add-in features that automatically add content to the end or beginning of a message body when the user sends it. By using these features, add-ins can insert disclaimers, signatures, or other content without requiring the user to take any action. To learn more, see [Prepend or append content to a message or appointment body on send](../outlook/append-on-send.md).
```

## application-specific API

> Application-specific APIs provide strongly typed objects that interact with objects that are native to a specific Office application. For example, you call the Excel JavaScript APIs for access to worksheets, ranges, tables, charts, and more. Application-specific APIs are currently available for Excel, OneNote, PowerPoint, Visio, and Word. To learn more, see [Application-specific API model](../develop/application-specific-api-model.md).

Reviewer 2: I agree with this comment
